Create bytesize-33-nf-core-dualrnaseq.md (#993)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2022/bytesize-33-nf-core-dualrnaseq.md

---
title: "Bytesize 33: nf-core/dualrnaseq"
subtitle: Regan Hayward - Helmholtz Institute for RNA-based Infection Research , Germany
type: talk
start_date: "2022-02-01"
start_time: "13:00 CET"
end_date: "2022-02-01"
end_time: "13:30 CET"
location_url:
 - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/61097190426
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize 33: nf-core/dualrnaseq

> This week, Regan Hayward ([@reganhayward](https://github.com/reganhayward/)) will update us on the new DSL2 syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, Regan Hayward ([@reganhayward](https://github.com/reganhayward/)) will tell us all about the nf-core/dualrnaseq pipeline.

nf-core/dualrnaseq is specifically used for the analysis of Dual RNA-seq data, interrogating host-pathogen interactions through simultaneous RNA-seq.
```
